README.md, before:

# timed-coding-quiz
in this assignment I was able to get a better understanding of functions, loops, objects and if else statements
also a chance to work with arrays a but more.
alot was covered this last week and i definetely wasnt able to retain as much of the info as i would have liked

## website deployment
click the link provided to open web app


answers key for testing purposes
### Q1= answer 2
### Q2= answer 3
### Q3= answer 1
### Q4= answer 4
 you can also click the view high scores button to open and collapse the high score list
![Screen-highscore](./assets/images/screen2.png)
 click the start quiz button to start the quiz
![Screen-one](./assets/images/screen1.png)
 after quiz has started timer starts count down
![Screen-timer](./assets/images/screen3.png)
 select from 1 of 4 button options
![Screen-buttons](./assets/images/screen4.png)
 at the end of quiz you can submit your name and high score
![Screen-endgame](./assets/images/screen5.png)
![Screen-local-storage-log](./assets/images/screen6.png)

Commit message:

final commit, links added to readme

README.md, after:

# timed-coding-quiz
in this assignment I was able to get a better understanding of functions, loops, objects and if else statements
also a chance to work with arrays a but more.
alot was covered this last week and i definetely wasnt able to retain as much of the info as i would have liked

i didnt have enough time to take the high scores that i put in local storage and apply them to the view highscore button
## website deployment
click the link provided to open web app

## links
[Git-hub-repository](https://github.com/batemanz/timed-coding-quiz.git)

[deployed-web-app](https://batemanz.github.io/timed-coding-quiz/)

## answers key for testing purposes
Q1= answer 2

Q2= answer 3

Q3= answer 1

Q4= answer 4

 you can click the view high scores button to open and collapse the high score list
![Screen-highscore](./assets/images/screen2.png)
 click the start quiz button to start the quiz
![Screen-one](./assets/images/screen1.png)
 after quiz has started timer starts count down
![Screen-timer](./assets/images/screen3.png)
 select from 1 of 4 button options
![Screen-buttons](./assets/images/screen4.png)
 at the end of quiz you can submit your name and high score
![Screen-endgame](./assets/images/screen5.png)
![Screen-local-storage-log](./assets/images/screen6.png)
